The 3 place will get 80 middle grade spirit stones.

The 2 place will get 110 middle grade spirit stones.

The 1 place will get 150 middle grade spirit stones.

You should not take Ming Fan with a copy talent as the scale.

Plus most of the expensive things Ming Fan bought where machinery and ores.

Aplha is still absorbing the low grade spirit stones and the price for number 1 that is 150 is equivalent to 1,500,000 which is a large number for a black Iron beast tamer.

But you also have to understand that the people to be in the top 100 are most likely to be those living in the 3rd ring will both beast tamer parents who are not low level either.

There are likely to be gold and platinum beast tamers as parents, this amount of money is worse than pocket change.

"Ok, I will not keep you waiting long. I here by anounce the battle begins."

As soon as Lao Zhu said that some students summoned their beasts to rush on to the stage.

The first person to land on the stage claims king but most students waited for the dust to settle before moving after all even if you hold the tittle it can still be taken away.

After a while Ming Fan also moved he walked up to the an arena and planned to challange it.

The current contestants fighting in the arena one has a silver fanged wolf of black iron 1 and the other a blue shell tortoise black iron 1 too.

The current levels can seem low but you have to understand that for the avarage sss level talent, it can raise the level to black iron 9 in three months.

This is the reason why the college entrance is set at three months.

It said to be avarage because there are talents that improve the growth of beasts like the SSS talent [Fire growth enhancement] that improve fire type beasts faster.

But this does not account for reasources, a non growth based sss level with resources can level up the same or faster than sss talents without.

FOr Ming Fan with dual SSS talents he is twice faster that is in 1 month improve 6 levels but beacause of a large amount of resources his beasts can upgrade 2 more levels per month.

So with this is in mind it is no wander that the lower level talents have not yet left black iron 1.

The two beasts on the arena were still fighting but it was comming to an end.

The silver fanged wolf was more mobile that the blue shell tortoise but it could not get passed it's defence.

So when the silver fanged wolf was momentarily delayed due to exhaustion the blue shell tortoise rushed up and knocked it over the edge.

Seen the fight over some students wanted to rush up but Ming Fan who had summoned Aplha was the first.

With Alpha standing on the arena his 10m tall body attracted alot of people.

You have to reasize that the majoity of beasts in this competition where give or take a meter tall.

The referee even though surprise quickly regained his composure and ordered the match to start.

The blue shell tortoise did not move and so did Alpha he simply rotated the front facing gatling gun to face the tortois to face the turtle and open fire.

The turtle wanted to use the same tactic to hide underneath the shell but the bullets quickly tore holes through.

It is a good thing Alpha did not open full throtle and only let out a 3 round blast.

Seen the tortoise injured the boy who was its beast tamer quickly admitted defeat while the medic entered to fix it up.

After that no one else came up to challage after all there are another 9,999 arenas that don't result in sudden death.

Seeing no one new was comming to challenge Ming Fan just looked around to scout his competition.

But it seems he had to be disappinted.

The highest level here was only Black Iron level 5 and they where still in the infancy period.

Normal beasts pass through diffrent periods like infancy, growth and maturity.

There are some outliyers like mechanical, elementals and more that don't need pass through the above.

Even the Black Iron level 5 were only 2 people obviously from the third ring.

Fighting a full equiped level 8 beast was a uphill battle.

Ming Fan simply closed his eyes and ignored the others.

When the battles ended and only one person was standing on each arena Lao Zhu came out to continue the annoucements.

"Ok, since no one else wants to challege the first round is over."

"No challege is allowed apart from those who are left on the arenas."

"I would like to ask those on the arenas to temporaryly exit the arenas and the others return to your school stands."

The students on the arenas came down and the others students returned to their school stands.

After this the a quater of the arenas broke off and combines with the others forming 7,500 larger arenas.

"Ok, I now anouce the competiton can continue same style as before."

After Lao Zhu finnished saying this he dissappered.

This time Ming Fan did not wait and directly let Alpha land on the stage first.

Seeing this some of the people who wanted the crown the arena looked at the other arenas dejectedly.

Majority of the people where still black Iron 1 and it was more effective to challange another black iron 1.

As for those more powerful they did not fight as they know it was not time yet.

This round lasted shorter that the previous one as the number of people challenging was only 2,500.

Lao Zhu appeared again the same thing happened the arenas were now reduced to 5,000.



(Am too lazy to continue because of descriptions and character relations.  Haven't you noticed there is only one other person with a name and almost no dialogs)

(if you want o pick it up sure)


