Waking up in a cave somewhere Chen Sha felt his head pounding as if someone was trying to drive a stick through his head.

Grimmicing from the pain he tried to look around at this unfamilier place.

When Chen Sha who was confused looked at his unfamilier clothes and the black blood on his side, memmories that were not his flashed into his head and he fainted.

When Chen Sha came to he knew that he had transmigrated into a cultivation world.

His current identiy was that of a outer sect dicsiple of the Blood River Sect.

The reason he transmigrated was that the previous host was bitten by a snake and died.

Even though the host was a level 1 qi refining cultivator he was bitten by a qi refining level 3 snake.

It can be considered lucky that he was not killed directly.

This also allowed Chen Sha to transmigrate he dint know to be sad or happy.

Throwing this to the back of his head he looked around and found that exept a normal iron sword he had nothing else.

Just as he was about to continue looking pondering he felt alittle dizzy.

That's when he discovered that although the predesesor remove the poison it was far from all of it and there were still some.

Thinking of the memories he got the current way to dispel it was to control the dirty blood in his body and expel it out.

Without hesitation he sat down and according to the cultivation technique he started to revolve the blood in his body collecting the dirty ones in his right hand.

It would be had for a normal cultiator to do this but he even though he is only in qi refining level one he practices blood techniques hence why he can do this.

Also Chen Sha did not push it to his left hand because if it got into his heart he would really have to transmigrate again.

Taking the sword in his other hand he made a slit on his right hand and forces out black blood.

After doing this he was exhausted.

Even though Chen Sha was a blood cultivator he was still level 1.

Taking out the rashings the previous owner had he sat cross legged thinking of what to do next.

It was at this momment that Chen Sha remembered that when he was removing the toxins he seemed to have felt something in his dantian.

A dantian is an illusory place both big and small at the same time three fingers below the naval button.

It is the place where cultivators store qi which it the energy that allows cultivators to collapse mountains and fill seas.

Thinking of this Chen Sha willed his councious to move towards the dantian.

Cultivators have an internal sight if you may and thats how he was able to accuratlly tell where the toxins in his blood where earlier.

This allows them to see the inside of their bodies at will but it isn't until later that they can push it out of the body.

Following his meridians to his dantain he was suprised when Chen Sha first saw it.

Even though he had seen it before in the prevoius hosy memory this feeling of been infinitly large and small at the same time is hard to describe.

One really has to feel it to understand.

Looking around his dantian was filled with blood red aura as when he absorbs qi his meditation practice will convert it to blood qi.

There was nothing else apart from a piece of metal.

Chen Sha was sure that this thing was not there before as it was not in the memories.

But as a avid reader of webnovels he quckly adjusted his state of mind thining that this was his golden finger.

After all it is customarry to has a golden finger as a transmigrator.

The only prblem been that he did not know how to use it.

Trying to probe it with his concious he felt a pulling force trying to suck him in.

Chen Sha did not resist but even if he wanted he could not as the pull was too power full.

The next moment Chen Sha found him self floating above a huge piece of land.

At first he was wordering where he was but the though about how how he was floating.

Looking down he found that he was a illusary slighlty red orb.

If he had to guess this was his soul or councious not really sure but he did not duel on this for long.

Looking around all he saw was bare land with out even a tree or grass.

But been a reader of webnovels he knew that this place was not that simple.

He even knew of a couple that had this space concept as a golden finger where the protagonist planted herbs and spiritual medicines doing alchemy to improve their strength.

When he first came in he thought about it but dismissed it.

Right now he was a outersect disciple of the blood river sect a true and out demon sect.

And because they usually attack humans and cultivators for their blood hence are trully haterd.

Why do you think the privious owner was living in the forests it not that he doesn't like a bed.

Going to the rightous cultivator markets is basically seeking death.

As for the neutral and demonic markets, the latter is out of the question entirely even futher than the rightoues.

At least in the rightous you will have a body but in the demonic with his qi refining level 1 they will not even let go of the corpse.

The remaining one is the nutral markets but with his luck of strenght and money he will only be going to embarass himself.

So using this channels to sell the pills or the spiritual medicines is suicide.

As for learning alchemy first of all because of the special nauture of demonic techniques they don't require normal ways to advance like cultivation pills.

The cultivation method Chen Sha is practicing the Blood River Devouring method allows one to  advance based on the amount of blood he or she devours.

But it does have a side effect that is the will of the beast, human, cultivator has to be destroyed first.

This is what he wanted to use this land for rearing a large number of blood banks, humans, cultivators and beasts.

Thinking of this he got exicted but he had to try one more thing.

What enabled protagonists in the webnovels to sell a large amount of sprititual herbs is that there was a time difference in the space greater than the outside world.

So Chen Sha went out and decided to catch a few wild beasts to test.

It is best to devour creatures with spiritual power but with Chen Sha been level 1 it is a risky move.

So he set his sights on the normal beasts called wild beasts.

Because of spiritual energy even though wild beasts and normal people do not actively absorb spiritual energy if still seeps though their bodies and held their there for improving their bodies.

Chen Sha is now betting on winning quantity over quality.

Due to his injuries the previus host had choosen a remote mountain with little spiritual power for demon beasts to be born.

So Chen Sha quickly got up cleaned himself lightly he still looked pale due to blood loss, picked up his sword and went outside the cave.

In order to prevent them from eating each other as he has no way of separating them he decided to choose only herbivous.

Even thou he was the weakest cultivator he was still one and his movement speed not simmple.

He ran around the mountain untill dusk and picked up more than 10 types or wild beasts.

Wild beasts are creatures who have not awakened their spirituality to become demon beasts.

If tamed are considered spirit beasts.

The total number was also more than 300.

He also dug out a resovour and filled it with water from a river near by for them to drink.

He also transplated alot of grass and trees.

Even though there is no sun in the space there is alot of spirit energy they can use as a substitute.

After doing this he went back to the cave ate some rashings and sat down to meditate.

Cultivators can replace sleep with meditation and even though it is not as fast as blood, mosquitotal legs are still meat.
