Chapter 4: Copy Copy Copy 

After a long time almost 4 in the afternoon the final student came out and the teachers arranged for everyone to board the bus for the return journey. 

Moving from the 2nd ring to 5th ring the busses arrived at the school and the students exit one after the other. 

Standing in front of the teachers the principle a middle-aged looking man with parts of white hair came forward and made a speech about beast taming and ended with 

"For the next period of time I know there are students who want to train on their own its ok but you need to register with your class teachers. Adjourned" 

After that he turned around and left together with the other teachers. 

As for the class teachers the moved towards the classes and the students who wanted to take leave followed. 

In the class room Ming fan's class teacher stood on the podium and spoke 

She was a middle-aged woman with part age marks at the conners of her eyes and mouth. 

"Ok its simple just came forward and leave you name with me but remember the college entrance examination is three months away." 

"Work hard and don't forget to come for the competitions at the end of the first and second month" 

After speaking she waved her hand and a clip board appeared on the desk then the students stepped forward signed and left. 

After leaving Ming Fan ordered a taxi and went home. 

The reason he did not do this last time was because he was saving for the expenses of the beast but after understanding his second talent he did not have to worry about money. 

Also, the reason he did not ride alpha is because he it is not allowed but if he was strong enough then that is another story. 

Arriving home Ming Fan first checked how Alpha was doing. 

Seeing him still flying in the beast taming space he did not care about him and made a meal ate then sat down on the sofa. 

It was time to initiate his plan. 

He went to his parent's room which still looked the same. 

Ming Fan did not have a reason to change it so he just left it so. 

He went to the wardrobe opened it and there was a safe there. 

Entering in the combination he opened it and took out 117 small stones milky and 21 larger ones, clearer but still can see some milkiness. 

These were his parents last inheritance to the previous host now his.  

There were more but when the original host heard of the passing of his parents, he was aggrieved withdrew the inheritance front he bank and started spending it. 

Luckly Ming Fan transmigrated before he was done or he would not have a place to cry. 

Spirit Stones have large amounts of spiritual energy and are useful to both humans and beasts. 

It is also the currency of beast tamers. Normal people use Federation Dollars. 

The important thing is it is found deep underground when spiritual energy condenses and can be considered a natural item. 

He had tried it last night before he went to bed. 

The smaller ones are called low grade spirit stones while the larger ones are middle grades. The exchange ratio between them is as high as 10,000 low grade spirit stones for one middle grade spirit stone. 

But rarely does it happen because middle grade spirit stones have more uses and purer energy. 

After taking them, he went back to the living room closed all the windows and doors in the house and then opened his computer logged into the beast tamers network. 

This is a beast tamer only network that only they can use. 

The school has already created accounts for them so Ming Fan logged in directly. 

After entering he went to a page called Beast tamers Mall. 

This is a commercial organization under the Federation and Beast tamers Association. 

With the volume of transactions, he is going to carry out he is afraid of "robbing and killing for treasures". 

Even though nowadays it is very rare because of the federation and it's monitoring he does not want to take chances. 

Opening the Beast tamers mall Ming Fan first wanted to buy space rings as the amount of spirit stones he is going to copy is too large have them laying around his room. 

The price of a space ring is 1 middle grade spirit stone for every cubic meter with size denominations of 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,20,30,40,50,60,70,80,90,100 or a custom made one but that takes time and is priced more. 

Ming Fan decided to order four 100 meter and one hundred 1-meter space rings. 

The 100-meter ones are for later when purchasing items while the 1-meter ones are for the transactions. 

He put aside the computer and started to copy the middle level spirit stones. 

He held one in each hand and invoked his talent then they split and became four with identical pairs of two. 

Then he did that again and again occasionally using the others to make up for variety. 

After the number reached 549 and only copied one to 550 which took him less than 1 hour. 

In his previous life did not like things ending in odd numbers so he added one to even it out. 

After which he took back his computer and put an order then when to the fridge to take a soda and came back to sit and wait. 

Less than an hour later he got a notification that the items have arrived. 

Ming Fan opened his front door to see a drone there, he walked up to it and took the box it was carrying.  

Going back to the house to open use a code sent by the Beast tamers mall to prevent theft he saw 104 rings in the box. 

Picking up four of the 100-meter size and putting them on the fingers of his left hand he then took out a glove and put it on after all a poor man is guilty of owning a jade. 

Ming fan took one of the smaller ones and put 400 middle grade spirit stones and put them in and put it in the box which scanned the contents first the after confirming closed. 

Taking the box to the drone outside he attached it and then it flew away. 

Ming Fan looked at the place where it disappeared and then went back to the house. 

Closing the door Ming fan went back and started to copy spirit stones but this time he copied the low-grade ones. 

In about an hour, he had 6000 low grade spirit stones evened out to 62000. 

From this it can be inferred that it takes 1 hour to copy 6000 low grade or 600 middle grade spirit stones. 

Min Fan took 6000 of the low-grade spirit stones and put them in the beast taming space. 

After entering the beast taming space Ming Fan looked at Alpha who was looking at the Spirit Stones with interest and spoke 

"Take them and absorb if they run out just call me" 

("Thank you master, Alpha will be diligent") 

("Ok, Work hard") 

Ming Fan saw Alpha fly on top of the spirit stones and start absorbing them.  

Although Alpha cannot absorb them through the skin like flesh and bones beasts it has circuit in the body that usually allow it to move energy thought out the body. 

Now it is reversing the process and drawing the energy to the brain. 

Seeing Alpha is ok Ming Fan left and then started copying again this time he spend 5 hours to copy 2400 middle grade and 6000 low grade. 

When he was done it was approaching mid night and he was tired. 

He simply ordered something light and then went to sleep. 

The next day he woke up and did the same thing plus two days after that, after all he understood the saying that sharpening an axe does not reduce the rate of chopping trees. 

Most of the time Ming fan was copying the middle level spirit stones and occasionally low grade for Alpha. 

The reason Ming Fan did not give the middle grade ones to Alpha was because it would be had for his to efficiently absorb them. 

They are mostly used by silver level beasts and late-stage bronze beasts. 

If given to alpha to absorb it will definitely slow down his speed of absorption. 

After three days of accumulation, it was time for stage two. 

 

 
