Chapter 5: Moving

On the fourth day of awakening Ming Fan got up early and had breakfast and left.

His destination the Beast tamer Association in ring 5, because of the trouble of moving through rings, each ring has a beast tamer association.

The beast tamer Association precedes the federation and is also very powerful.

Ming fan took a taxi to the beast tamer association to hurry up.

Arriving Ming Fan looked around and was happy although there was already a line it was small.

After queuing up at the end of the line Ming Fan waited for his turn.

Finally, half an hour later it was his turn, Ming Fan came to the counter.

"I want to by a building a factory warehouse"

Looking at the 16-year-old boy in front of her the clerk was very profession and spoke

"Go to counter number 16, Next"

Hearing this Ming Fan left the line and looked around and found counter no. 16.

Luckily there was not queue.

"Hey, I would like to buy a factory warehouse"

Behind the counter was a well-dressed man.

He spoke eloquently and asked.

"Are there any requirements?"

"It has to be big at least 30 meters and in a relatively quiet place with good electricity and water."

"Ok, wait a moment"

Typing something into his computer 4 options appeared in front of Ming Fan then the man spoke.

"These four fit your requirements, someone will come to take you to visit. Please have a sit and wait"

"Ok"

Hearing this Ming Fan nodded and turned around to find a sit and waited.

The reason why Ming Fan wants to buy a Factory Warehouse is that he cannot tinker with Alpha in the house after all he is already 3 meters and a move will destroy something.

This is also the reason he has never let him after contracting.

The second is that he is afraid if he just rents it even if it will draw less attention the owner can use this to intrude which he cannot allow.

Ming Fan's second talent is so Buggy it can be considered illegal.

Not long after a woman came in dressed in a skirt with stoking's a white shirt and a blazer.

Ming Fan just looked at her although she was very attractive, he quickly lost interest.

It is not that he does not like females but he is such that the more beautiful the girl the farther away he wants to be.

Facts have proven it time and time again that beautiful women are just trouble.

"Sir, I will be taking you to visit the Warehouses"

"Ok let's go"

After leaving the Beast Tamer association the woman got into the driver sit of a car while Ming Fan sat in the back seat looking out the window.

Ming Fan and the woman visited all the places one by one and then returned to the beast tamer association.

Arriving Ming Fan just said good bye and left going back to counter no. 16.

The woman just saw this and smiled.

Back at the counter it was still the same well-dressed man.

"Are you back, what is your choice?"

After visiting the four places Ming Fan had to say they were all ok but since he had to choose it was the third one.

The location was somewhat remote but still near a police station after all he did not want to be murdered at the starting line.

The Water and Electrical Facilities were ok.

And the side was perfect 50 meters high and 500 meters long 300 meters wide.

"I choose the third one"

"Ok that is 1200 middle grade spirit stones"

Ming Fan nodded and handed a 1-meter space ring with the amount.

The man took the space ring and placed it on a machine which scanned it.

After getting an affirmation he took out a contract and spoke

"Sign here, here and here the take this copy"

After Ming Fan was done sighing in the Man passed a 1-meter space ring and a copy of the contract.

Taking them, Ming fan thanked the man turned around and left.

Ordering a taxi Ming Fan came back to the warehouse and opened it.

Entering Ming Fan closed the door and summoned Alpha.

In just three days in the beast taming space plus thousands of spirit stones Alpha was promoted to Black Iron level 2

Looking around at the unfamiliar place Alpha spoke to Ming Fan.

("Master where are we")

"This is a place I have just bought we will be here for a while."

Hearing this alpha flew around and stated to check but with his body side of three meters it was really comical.

After a while it settles down and lay there.

Ming Fan on the other hand was on his phone ordering things.

What he placed an order for was not machining tools to upgrade Alpha but design tools and a smaller temporary machining set.

This order was much larger and it would take a while to come so Ming Fan just come to the side of Alpha and closed his eyes to rest.

After a while he was woken up by Alpha nagging him.

("Master there is something outside.")

Hearing this Ming Fan stood up and put Alpha in the beast taming space first then walked out of the ware house.

Outside was a drone holding a box that looked similar to the one that was delivered before.

Ming Fan Came forward and took the box after opening the seal he saw 2 rings inside both 100 meters.

Ming Fan took the rings one by one and scanned them then he went back inside and released the materials inside both and put the rings back in plus a low-grade ring with the spiritual stones for the exchange.

He spent 21,000 middle grade spiritual stones on this purchase after all he about the latest get of what he needed.

After scanning the box closed.

Walking outside he handed the box to the drone with flew up and left.

Returning to the ware house there was a lot of things on the ground.

Some of the were too large or heavy for Ming Fan to even move and Alpha could easily dent these delicate components.

So, Ming Fan had ordered 10 latest gen or assistant robots to help.

They were humanoid in shape and very strong due to their material composition.

Powering them on and inputting the instructions plus schematics for the machines the robots started to move in coordination.

The four things Ming Fan bought where one a large design hub.

The holographic CAD (computer-aided design) displays rotate 3D models of mechanical beasts in real-time, allowing creators to zoom in on intricate parts or switch between design layers with a swipe of their hands.

This is the latest gen on the market for machine design configuration and simulations.

It can do trillions of calculations in micro seconds.

The second is a bunch of living items like a deploy able house with utensils, shower, toilets, and beds plus a cooking robot to cook his meals.

He is not planning to return home for a while.

The third been a bunch of commonly used natural materials in Machinery such as ores, metals and more.

He is planning to use them to practice first and level up his skills in Mechanics.

The fourth thing is a small machinery forge for manufacture Machines and their parts but this is not to upgrade Alpha but for Ming Fan to practice.

After all Learning with practice is twice the result with half the effort but when you had his [Mechanical Heart] it is no longer 1+1+1=3.

A couple hours later the robots where done. The Design hub was put on the far right, the materials to the far left, the living quota in between them and the Machinery forge was put towards the center.

The forge consisted of automated workstations that hum as robotic arms weld, mold, and assemble basic frames of the mechanical beasts.

A reinforced glass wall separates the forge from the rest of the lab, allowing workers to observe without compromising safety.

Large, 3D printers churn out smaller, intricate parts.

After setting up Ming Fan came to the Design hub and logged into the Beast master Network and started learning about machinery.

The content was much more that the common network plus him having a mechanical beast allowed him access more content plus a lot of money to buy private tutorials, content and lessons.

Ming Fan was like a tiger given wing.

He spent all his time in the hub and doing practice or the machinery forge except for copying Alpha spirit stones and human needs like eating, sleeping, bathing, and defecating.

After 1 week of this he can finally say he no longer a beginner in mechanics and it is improving day by day at a terrifying pace.

Ming Fan finally had to knowledge to start working on Alpha

Time for stage three.
