One of the places Ming Fan could go to do this is the wild.

Even though the humans have reclaimed the planet from the beasts, some areas are left to be used for training and resource collection.

But Ming Fan was not stupid to do that.

Let alone the fact that Ming Fan is only black iron right now the amount of spirit stones he spend during this period of time is astronomical.

Ming Fan was not sure that no one noticed him but even if they did he would not largely care.

With the federation controlling the entire planet let alone if one can successful escape the city after committing arson they will have no where to hide.

As for fighting back against the federation you have greater chances of cracking a bolder with an ordinary egg.

This fear of the federation is what allows Ming Fan to be as rampant as he wants.

But in the wild the surveillance of the federation is not as good hence "accidents" can happen.

The others where private gyms and the beast tamer association.

The private gyms are ok but the problem is that Ming Fan has no interest in been tied to a gym right now.

This gyms are not human ones but ones for beasts and they usually require a commitment to join.

That leaves the beast tamer association.

Hailing a taxi Ming Fan soon  arrived at the beast tamer association.

He did not queue at the front like before beacause the service of the training area was offered further inside.

Walking for a few minutes Ming Fan took several diffrent paths until he arrived at a relatively large oppening with a counter at the center and various corridors along the edges.

Walking up to it there was a woman who looked in her thirties.

Seen someone comming she looked up smiled and said 

"Hello, How may i help you today?"

"I need a cultivation room"

"What level?"

"Black Iron"

"Private or Common"

Ming Fan had already done research on the way here.

The private one was only for one person while common one allowed multiple people to train.

Its just that the private one cost more money but to the current Ming Fan he choose the Private one without hesitation.

"Ok wait a moment ... Ok here is your pass take the hallway 17 and look for the room with this number"

Taking the pass Ming Fan thanked her then looked around trying to find hallway 17.

Seen it Ming Fan walked over leisurly and entered scanning both sides for his room.

Finding it Ming Fan entered only to find the space inside was much larger than he thought.

The room was roughly 1000 m all around with various testing equipment like damage test bots that gauge the level of the attack based on the power that attackes them.

There are attack bots that attack the beast to test defence or eveisiveness.

There are defence bots that test the attack of the beast based on a certain beast and its level.

And so on ...

After inspecting the machines one by one for tempering or survilance(recording devices) Ming Fan summoned Alpha.

Ming fan first tasted the attack directing Alpha to attack the damage test bots.

He was not worried of Alpha destrying them even gold level beasts would have a hard time doing it.

Using its talons, beak, gatling guns, and elemental breath it attacked bots, well not at the same time he still need to gauge them.

In order of most damage to the list there is elemental breath, gatling guns, talons then beak.

Well the elemental breath is no brainer after all with Aplha's current knowledge he still understands things like elemental restraint.

If like earth restraints water, water restraints fire, fire restraints metal, metal restraints wood and wood restraints earth.

Even other than that considering it is a range skill Alpha can use fire and water which just causes an explosion for the bots.

Also use diffrent elements like wind and fire to increase the power.

Then you can see why it takes the lead and also why Ming Fan will put more effort into it in the future.

After very few flesh and blood beasts can use diffrent elements at will.

Ming Fan has also decided to equip every one of his future beasts with it.

For the gattling guns they have a terrifying bust rate and each of the four faces one of the four cardinal points North, South, East and West leaving no blind spots.

Ming Fan wanted to equip more but Alphas body can only carry so much before it starts to loose mobility which is unacceptible as the main reason he choose Aplha was because of the advantage of flying creatures.

The explosive bullets are also not a joke.

Ming Fan did not buy them but made them packing them with alot of gun powder.

Next are the talons which won over the beak because of advantage of height and gravity.

When Aplha flies up and dives he can spread his talons to hook or scrath the opponent but it would be suicide to do a dive with the beak.

After all let alone the force of the impact if the dive fails then Aplha will be in immediate danger.

The chip than Aplha now has contains countless clips of beast tamer fights both in the arena and in the fight.

The level of technology in this world is far advanced to Ming Fan's prevoious life.

In the prevoius planent the largest storage capacity at the time of trasmigration was a petabit not the chip in Alpha can hold all the data in that planent many time over.

Ming Fan is not even qualified to give the current Aplha directions in battles because after analysing he can always choose the best route according to its data.

After finishing testing the damage Ming Fan adjusted the bots to diffrent beasts, golden pangolins, red hair dogs, long tusk elephants, etc.

Ming Fan discovered that Aplha could one hit kill non defense or strong physic opponents but this can also be done by alot of beasts.

What made Ming Fan exicted was that with the elemental breath and gatling guns he could challenge across levels and defeat black Iron level 5 beasts as long as they were not of extreme defence like turtle type beasts.

After testing the attack power he tested the deffence.

So far the only defense he had for alpha was the tail feather shield. 

The shield could with stand attacks of the same level for normal time and shorter time as the level increased.

After knowing this Ming Fan activated the free range mode where by the bots can both defend and attack and he let Aplha fight on his own.

Ming Fan went to the conner and took out a small device that was connected remotely with his design hub and started to adjust and fix the short comming on Alpha.

He was also recording a video of Alpha fighting from diffrent angels and uploading them to a AI inside the desing hub to analys the fight and pass suggestions and recommendations to Aplha in real time based on his choices to help him improve his skills.

At the same time both Ming Fan, Alpha and the AI were discovering problems and places that need improvement or renforcement.

This was them passed to the design hub were Ming Fan and the AI were creating solutions rapidly.

At around 6pm Ming Fan left the training room and paid 4 middle grade spirit stones for 4 hrs and then went back to the warehouse.

Entering it he immediatly started to creating parts to replace or fix the broken ones during the fight earlier and also according to the solution created earlier.

In the battle earlier he realised that it was better to choose a path than to be an all rounder and fail in everthing.

Oviously Aplha will develep in the speed type so some changes need to be implemented.

The talons and the beak will be upgraded with elemental materials to give them elemental attributes.

There are fire, ice, lighting, metal, poison, blood, gravity and wind attributes attached to them.

Now is Aplha scratches or pecks someone they will be burned, frozen, elecuted, cut, poisoned, drained, surpressed, and cut again.

This is extremely scary and is the pride of the mechanical system.

That is aslong as it can be equiped it can be used but this is also a cliff many people cannont cross.

All this elemnts cannot be easily combined and will collapse easily.

To make them i don't know how many materials Ming Fan coppied and destroid before he was successful.

Yes that are people who have done what he has done alsready but the was to do it has always been kept a secret and would not be easily spread.

So if a normal person wanted to do what he has done it is next to imposible the cost is too terifying.

Of course Ming Fan wanted to add other attributes like space, shadow, soul, dream and so on but the complexity shot through the roof if he tried so he just gave up for now.

