Chapter 2 : The capital

The cab came to the train station is Baishi city.

After paying with his really low amount of virtual currency John Mutua got out and when to a atm near the train station.

Walking in he took out 10 low grade spirit stones and placed them in and almost instanly he got a message on his phone that his account has been credited with 1 millon dollars.

This atm is a official one and allows one to exchange spirit stones for virtual currency but only one way one cant exhange virtual currency for spirit stones.

With money in hand it was time for John to carry out the next thing.

In the world John Mutua is in Baishi city is just a fourth tier city and it may not be ale to hold his firs talent may also the second.

If John Mutua spends alot of spirit stions he can be noticed by bad people and although the city is safe you only have one life.

So he thought if going to the capital of this world(planet) as for for going to another planet not for now he is too weak not even a Black Iron beasttamer.

To trully be a Black Iron beasttamer he needs to tame a beast right not is more of like a semi Black Iron beats tamer.

Hence why he is here at the train station.

The money exchange was to pay for the train after all his miger money was not enough and it was too ostentetious to pay with spirit stones.

Walking into the train station he came to the resception and resuested a train ticket.

This planet is controlled by humans so it would be faster to take a plane but if something happens in the air without a beast he is just waitng to die.

"Can i get train ticket to the capital?"

"Ok that will be 70,000 dollars"

The price may look high but you have to remeber that this is a planent and he is not going to the provincial capital but the capital of the planet.

From Baishi city it's more like going from australia to american in his previous life as for how a train can do that.

According to the text book for better management and crisis responce a powerful beastmaster fused all the continents into one.

What level of beasttamer could do that John Mutua did not know but he knew killing him is easier than killing an ant.

After paying and getting a ticket the train would arrrive in an hour and half so John Mutua bought some food and waited.

After all the awakening ended at arounf 10 am and after copying for 6 hours its now about 5 pm.

After a while a sound came through the spakers in the train station.

"Train XXX due for the capital is arriving soon please gather at gate XXX"

Hearing this John Mutua got up and walked towards the gate and some after going through some checking procedeours he got onto the train.

Finding his seat John Mutua sat down and fell asleep.

8 hours later his alarm run as the train was pulling into the station.

Alighting from that train John had alot of things to complete thank fully the capital does not sleep because it was 3 am right now.

So the first stop was a housing agency to get a place to live and do his craft.

According to reviews he found a company that delt with factory warehouses and had a 4.93 star rating.

Hailing a cab it took him about 15 minutes and this is beacuse of the good roads in the capital else even 1 hour may not be an over estimation.

After paying the cab John Mutua looked at the bulding in front of his and walked in.

As soon as he walked in a woman came up to him.

"How may i assist you today?"

Seeing this John Mutua was surprised that he was not dispiced after all in the capital he can be considered poorly dreessed.

What John Mutua did't realize was that if a bussness is even slightly worth its salt it will curb that behaviour soon as possible.

After all this is not earth here an individual can have extraodinary power and destring a bussiness that disrepects you is not common but not rare.

"I want to buy a warehouse factory".

"Ok come with me this way."

The woman lead John Mutua to a room in the second floor.

There was a 3D projector here which she used to introduce the warehouses to John Mutua.

I have to say that the 3D projector was really nice especially becasue it was like one was there you can check out almont avery part of the ware house.

Finally John Mutua ended up settling for a 30 kilometer square warehouse.

This may seem too big but know that warehouses 1 kilometer already exist on earth and 10 km is not the limit of this planet one can get even 100 km sq.

After selecting it was to do a onsite visit.

So following the woman back to the entrance there was already a car waiting there on the side with the logo of the housing egency.

Getting in it took 25 minutes to get there just showing how far way it was, well lets just say how ig the capital is.

It was definatly larger that some countries on earth.

Checking out the large 30km square warehouse factory was not tiring as you can just drive right in.

The property looked good to John Mutua so he went back to the company and after the documets were drafted he paid with spirit stones.

The property cost 750 spirit stones that is 75,000,000 dollars.

Actually the most expensive thing was the land as compared with the building.

After finishing with the housing agency he left and went to a chamber of cormerce to purchase now what he really needs.

According to the internet the largest one is also the best with a 4.97 star rating so hailing another cab off he went.

Arriving at the place it was a very large bulding much larger than the building agency.

There was a very large board at the entrance written dianshou pavillion.

This was a very large chamber of cormerce that even had a branch in baishi city.

Walking in a woman came up to him and she was even more beautiful than the one in the housing agency.

"How may i assist you today?"

"Find a place for use to talk"

Hearing this the woman did not ask anything and took him to a room in the first floor.

"Ok, hope this is to you liking? What do you need to day?"

After sitting down on two sits facing each other the woman asked.

"I have bought a warehouse and i need it cleaned, equiped and staffed"

Hearing this the woman showed a smile and started asking for specific details.

See thing is the housing agency can actually do this too but when buying things they will be an middleman so why not just go to the source.

John Mutua's plan was simple the absolute pinnacle of overything should be added afte all isn't this why he came here to spend money in peace.

So what he needed where machenery(Forge and assebly bay) to produce parts for mechanical beasts.

With his second talent he can learn alot even improve on desings so there is no need to buy from others just make it you self.

He can also save on expensive materials by just copying as for why not to copy all because it will be a was of time to copy something he can buy with a spirit stone.

Also why not just copy middle grade spirit stones directly, well one middle grade spirit stone is equal to one hundred low grade spirt stones.

So middle grade spirit stones are relatively valuble and can gain the gred of others.

Next is a super computer, a mechanical beast can do a lot of computations but the super computer needs to be equiped with a advanced ai and a virtual simulator.

The only beasts left on this planet are for people to practice on else one has to leave the planet in an action he doesnt see happening soon.

He also need helper robots, this are like factory workers that do menial jobs.

John just bought 1000 of them directly, let alone hiring humans he doesn't trust them.

A desing hub is also needed connected to a Database Access Node.

The desing hub like creates a concept (it is connected to the super computer and its AI), the forge creates the parts that are assembpled at the assembly bay.

A Testing and Calibration space is a must most probablty taking up the largest space.

The beast in this world are qute huge like tens and hundrends of meters huge so to test one needs a large space.

Those are the main ones A supercomputer and Its AI, a desing hub, a forge, a assebly bay and Testing and Calibration space.

The minor ones are a material storage space.

This is a quite advanced ares a s diffrent material require diffrent environments or they are destriod or destry the things around them

A place for him to sleep. 

John will most prebably be sleeping in the ware house so he needs a place to sleep and rest.

A Security and Surveillance System is essential he has too many secrets especially his first talent so for this top of the line.
