The tail feather shiled he will not remove it after all even if it goes for speed it needs at least the basic ability for self protection.

Instead he will make it even more lighter striving to balance lightness and defence.

He will also incoporated elemental materials to help with defense because a defense of the same element as the attack will reduce the damange taken and the restraining attribute will reduce it even further.

The same elements used in the talons and the beak where also used to make the tail feathers while using light weight alloys that Ming Fan had researched.

These alloys were also used to replace the entire structure of Alpha.

Now that Ming Fan has decided on speed he will go all in.

Alot of Wind, lighting and gravity materials were used in the body to increase its speed and lightness.

The wind and lighting materials help in speed while the gravity materials will make Alpha lighter and incase he needs to be heavy they can do so too.

This also allowed Ming Fan to increase Alpha to the maximum height of Black Iron creatures 10 meters without sacrificing speed.

The sizes of most beast in Black Iron do not exceed 10 meters unless using skills such as gigantification or special races such as mountain giants which are born atleast 20 meters tall.

This is one for survival after all a tall tree will be desroyed by the wind two the enegry need to maintain large size increases astronomically when the body becomes large.

The reason Ming Fan is not worried is that according to speculation alpha gains 2 levels per week so by the school competition he should be late level 8 or early level 9 and can perfectly controll the body.

The number and size of tail feathers was thus increased.

Ming Fan still reatained his three legs but reinfored them further.

For the elemental breath he increased the number of elements to the same as the talons and beak after all when he first creted it he was still a novice and the number of elements he could infuce was thus small.

Ming Fan also adjusted them such that they can be better and easier to combine for more damage.

For the gatling guns Ming Fan redid the entire system.

First the guns where created with ligh alloys combined with gravity and lightning materials to make them lighter and increase the already terrifying rate of fire.

The bullets where also redone to carry diffrent elements. 

The only probllem been that the bodies of this bullets was too small such that he could only carry one element each.

But this was not a problem he stuffed alot of bullets made of light alloys and one elements in the body of Aplha.

The inside of Aplha is relatively empty per say.

After that Ming Fan focused on the engeine thrusters that were to provided assisted increase in speed.

Ming Fan did not have many ideas to impprove them so he simply allowed them to be charged with spirit stone and also stuffed alot of spirit stones inside Alpha.

Spirit stones are pure forms of enegry and infact some of the most powerfull weapons in the federation are powered by them after all the enegry of beasts is limitted.

Ming Fan also included alot of detection technologies like night vision, thermal vision, Infrared vision, ultraviolet vision, 360 vision, radar detection, sonar mapping, and much more goodies.

Ming Fan could have added more things lik feather blades, missles etc and unlike other beasts for whom it would be a problem to have too much skills with Alphas chip battle experience it is not a problem but this was just a school competition.

With Ming Fan's dual SSS talents he will have the strogest beast in terms of level by a long shot and also after Alpha reaches Bronze he will have to create a new body from scratch.

It has been a week since he came back from the training room and he has hardly slept so he took this time to have a good night sleep.

It's also worth mentioning that Alpha is now Black Iron level 6 after reaching level 9 he will be able level up to reach bronze.

Ming fan will advance too and be able to contract the second beast but thinking of his hands already full with Aplha he simply gave up thinking about it, cross that bridge when we get there.

...

When Ming Fan woke up the next day he left the ware house and went to the beast tamer association again.

Now that it was a week to the competition Ming Fan was working on increasing the compatibility of the body with Alpha and minor twicks to the body.

Same as last time he left at 6 pm returned and adjusted Alpha's body.

This went on for the next seven days untill the day before the competition.

With the advancement of 2 levels a week Alpha reached chapter 8 at the end.

...

Exactly one month since Ming Fan awakend he was going to experience his first of many beast tamer fight.

He simply washed up and hailed a taxi to the school.

Araving he could see many students already there, same as last time he simply found his class join the talks.

After a period of time the teachers came out and directed the students to enter the busses.

The competition was to be held in the third ring at the number 1 high school.

The schools where named from the inner ring to the outer ring.

His school was Number 24 high school.

The number one high school is also the best school in the Baishi city.

The busses took a shorter time to reach the number 1 high school but due to the large influx of students comming to the school it took a while to enter and park.

The students exited the buses and where directed to one of the buildings.

When Ming Fan saw the students and teachers entering he thought there was space bending technology used to increase the size but when he entered he realised he was wrong.

I was most likely a secret realm.

Humans have long mastered the power of space to use for daily necesseties like the space rings before.

But diffrent applications require vastly diffrent requirements and dificulty.

Secret realms as the one he is in can range from hundreds of meters to millions of kilometers.

Naturally the difficulty and resources required increase exponentionally.

Ming Fan right now cannot even make the simplest of the space technologies so he cannot even begin to compriend something of this scale.

The secret realm he is in is likely more than 10 kilometer wide.

The reason he can see that far is that as a beast advances it will also feed back to the beastmaster helping him improve his physic.

Looking around he could see stands arranged in a circular pattern around a group of fighting platforms.

From a rough estimation he had to say that there were 10,000 of them.

This was not a huge number condidering that the number of students participitating in this event was almost 40,000

This just the number that awakend a month ago in the third year of high school of one city.

This can show you a glimpse of the prosperity of the beast tamers in the current world.

And with 7 rings Baishi city can be considered a low level city. 

The minimum to be considered a city in the federation is 5 rings.

Walking with his classmates to their school stands Ming Fan was always looking around.

The scale of this whole operration can be condidered gigantic.



























(go to the training room every day for the next week and do twicks to the body based on the data and also start the competition arc to finish the chapter)
