Chapter 1 : Awkening two SSS level talents

Baishi City, no.7 highschool,

In class 4 of grade 3 the students were talking about some of the things happeing of late.

"Did you here someone in class one awakened a S level talent."

"Yes, if only it was me."

"Keep dreaming even if you reicarnate it will still not be you."

"Yes it is too hard to awaken a S level talent."

"By the was do you think that it is just S level or is it SS or SSS"

"Most probably just S level if it is SS then it is a monster let alone SSS"

"Yes S level talents are not just chinese cabbage"

John Mutua was sitted in a n incospicus sit in the middle of the class lisening to the conversations around him.

I mostly lisented and maybe added a word or two once in a while.

It not like he was not intrested but rather this was his personality in a group just speak occasionaly.

Also his mind was more on what was happening today.

Today is the annual awakening of students age 18 in the human federation.

John Mutua is not of this world but from earth.

He transmigrated to this world 7 days ago and has been trying to understand more of the world.

See this world is not like earth in that there are etraodinary powers.

Thousands of years ago the world had a reviaval of spiritual energy and all things mutated.

Animals, plants and some in innanimate objects gained spirituality and powers becoming powerful.

Humans on the other hand got the short end of the stick and did not mutate.

As time went on conflicts between humans and the beasts that had superpowers became more common

Human weapons at that time were becoming less and less effective as they grew stronger.

What almost broke the camels back was the invasion of powerful beasts from outside the world.

At this time humans where in peril but at thats when someone discoverd that they could sing contracts with beasts and command them to figth.

This was the turning point in of humanity and they launched a counter attack on the beasts finnaly defeating them.

After that they walked out of the original world that is blue star into the stary sky.

Now its been thousands of years later tens or hundreds or thousands of years may be millions he doesn't know but now humanity has control over several star systems.

A star system is like the solar system in his previous life.

But before that is the awakening that seperates the fish from the dragons.

After years of development the probability of awakening is 100%.

It is said in the early stage of beast taming it was less that 30%.

"Ok settle down and we will begin"

Right at this moment a very tall teacher walked with a box in his hands.

His name is Mr. Robert Odecho and his the class teacher.

John Mutua knew what he was carring although it was the first time seen it in person.

This was an awakening stone.

It was used to activate the beast taming space and talent so that one can be a beast tamer.

Placing the box on the podium the teacher reached in and took out a azure spherical crystal.

"Ok when i call your name came down and place you hand on the awakening stone"

"Barack Juma"

Standing up a thin boy walked up to the stage and placed his hand on the awakening stone.

He may have been feeling alot of emotions in his heart but he did the action smoothly in one go.

After all they have had reahersels all week about this thing.

The awakening stone glowed green.

The beast taming talents are leveled from F- weakest to SSS- strogest.

There are F,E,D,C,B,A,S,SS,SSS in between,

The colors correspond to talents such a red - F, Orange - E, Yellow - D, Green - C, Blue - B, Indigo - A, Purple - S.

There are no colors for SS and SSS as there awakening stone is blocked from showing them.

In addition to external enemies humans also have internal traitors so to avoid geniusses of SS and SSS from been killed the highest color is S.

That means that if one has a SS and SSS talent the color will still be purple.

Glowing green means Barack Juma had a C level talent.

This was a norminally high talent as most people have F and E talents with C level talent just entering the middle eachelon.

Just like that students were called up to the poduim place their hands on the awakening crystall and awakening they talent plus beast taming space.

But none of them said their talent's name or funstion.

Talents are divided into diffrent categories.

E.g cultivation tslents (Helps the beasts grow), combat talents (Increases the power of beasts). ..

A cultivation talent may not be a problem once exposed but a combat one is a diffrent story.

If one knows your talent then they can plan around it which can be detrimental.

Finally half way through the class it was John Mutua's turn.

He stood up and walked to the podium placing his hands on the awakening stone smoothly.

After all although he only transmigrated in the past week he has done it atlest 20 times.

He only felt a cool feeling pass through his hand up his arm into the spine to the head.

It was then that he felt as if something had openned in his mind.

Looking at it, it was a space the size of a 5 football fields.

He was slighly shocked as it is recored the beast taming spaces of SSS talents is only 1 football field big at the begining.

Beast taming space grow as one levels up, after all those powerful beast can be incredibly huge even planet size huge.

But when he say his talent he understood why or lets say talents.

[Infinite copy - SSS]

[Mechanical Heart - SSS]

When the purple light came from the awakening stone the students below started exclaming.

"What am i seen things, purple light S level talent"

"Yes this has to be wrong, right?"

"Am afraid it is really an S level talent"

Hearing the exclamations from his class mates John Mutua came back to his senses and hurriedly too his hand off the stone and wlked back to his sit.

Still his classmates were talikng about him.

"Ok, calm down we need to continue"

Hearing this the class quited down but there were still whispers around.

Seeing this he had time to finally check what his talents are about.

When one awakens a talent they can know what it is about instinctivly.

The first [Infinite copy - SSS] allows him to infinitely copy any item excluding souls. 

The second [Mechanical Heart - SSS] grants him a high affinity and understanding with mechanical beasts (can only tame mechanical beasts).

Hiss

John Mutua could not help taking a big gulp contributing to global warming.

After all his first talent was too powerful.

This should not be some a SSS level talent should have right.

Although SSS level talents are incredibly rare there are still some recored in the text books.

And non of them can be compared to this.

The first thing John Mutua thought is that he can be the richest man in the world.

After all he can just copy precious things and he can make alot of money.

The other thing is that it is a perfect fit with his second talent.

In this world mechanical beasts exist.

The closest thing he can assocuate with his previous like is mecha specifically the transformers.

Mechanical beasts are sentient beings that have their own thoughts and emotion just like transformers.

But there is one thing associated with mechanical beasts expensive.

See unlike other beasts that are born with powers or bodies to fight mechanical beasta use attachments.

So what your beast to fly add a flying module want it to swim you also need to add a water module.

This creates a situation were by if you lack money you can't even play in this game.

Unless you buy mass produced mechanical beast then you may save a bit but then you combat poer will be incredibly low.

So the playing field in mechanical beasts need to be cleared with money and with his first talent he is more than qualified to play.

As he was thinking about his next plan the awakening fibally came to unend with only him as an S level talent and the next person having B level.

This just shows the cruety of this world as only two people had B level talents.

Looking around at the class mr. Odecho said.

"Ok, the awakening is over you can leave and come back tommorow morning to choose a beast. John please follow me."

Hearing this John was not surprised and had already pack his bag.

Walking outside the class he saw the class teacher of class 5 been given the awakening stone and left with his teacher towards the principals office.
