Chapter 2: Making a Contract 

After waking early up Ming Fan ate breakfast and went to school after all this was a special day, he did not dare be late. 

If he missed it even if he would it have a chance to go later, he would regret it. 

After arriving at school, he thought he was early but he didn't except that there were a lot of students there. 

Walking to where his class was, he found a group talking and joined mostly just listening. 

After a while when everyone arrived, they entered into buses according to classes. 

The breeding base located in the 2nd ring. 

To move from an outer ring to an inner ring you need permission or a high permission. 

Since Ming Fan crossed, he has not left the 5th ring. 

With the school as the reason, they arrived in the 2nd ring and headed to the breeding base. 

The breeding base is huge occupying half the second ring and is controlled by the federation. 

For the first beast the federation will give it out for free to prevent beast tamers from poor families from losing from the starting line. 

But even so the best beasts are still sold for money and in the hands of the upper-class. 

After all, even if the federation is huge, it cannot give out the good beats for free. 

In front of the breeding house the students stood there and waited for attendants at the front to let them in. 

"When you enter, you can go to the area of the beast you want and someone will be there to help you" 

"Do not rashly enter because you can be attacked by the beast" 

After speaking the attendant looked at the students who were eager to enter and just sighed. 

The students were too eager to choose a beast to contract that they did not seem to care about the instructions. 

After all he had seen this too many times every year. 

But he had to say this after all this were the rules. 

He then gestured with his hands and let them enter. 

This would have been more chaotic if all the 16yrs who awakened the talents came to choose a beast but each school had a day to choose starting from the innermost schools. 

Entering the breeding base Ming Fan received a notification on his phone same as the students around him. 

Checking his phone, he found it was a message with a map of the breeding base with a navigation menu where you enter your destination and it will guide you. 

Ming Fan was not interested in other types of beasts apart from the mechanical type so he entered it and was given a direction. 

If Ming Fan really contracted a beast of another attribute, it would be a great loss because of his mechanical talent. 

With the dispersion of other students Ming Fan also walked off towards the mechanical area. 

Along the way he passed various areas and all he had to say is that power are cool. 

There were areas where vast stretches were covered with different elements with all sought of beasts running around. 

After arriving to the mechanical area less than 10 students could be seen which did not surprise Ming Fan. 

During the talk with his classmates, he learned that in the school of the 700 students around 500 awakened their talents. 

Coupled with mechanical beasts' heavy investment in the early stage that is all sought of materials required.  

And Knowledge in mechanics to upgrade, take care and repair causes the current situation. 

One could hire others to help but that costs money and in cases such as going to the wilderness where anything can happen it is not advice able as a first beast. 

Outside the mechanical area were attendants who were in change of the area. 

Ming Fan walked up to one and expressed his desire. 

"When more people gather one of us will take you to choose so, please wait aside." 

After a while when the students reached less than 20 and no more could be seen coming one of the attendants moved forward and spoke. 

"Ok follow me" 

Then he proceeded to enter the area. 

Different from the other areas the mechanical area was full of large buildings and only a smaller area for the mechanical beasts. 

Mechanical beasts are different in that what is seen is actually a shell. 

The core part that is the brain is a piece of metal that can be inserted to the body of choice. 

So, picking mechanical beasts involves picking two things a brain and the body. 

Moving to the smaller area where the mechanical beasts where Ming Fan just saw all kinds of small mechanical creations moving around. 

When it is smaller as compared to the other areas but this is inside a breeding base that covers half of the 2nd ring so it is still massive. 

At least Ming Fan would require several hours to walk end to end. 

"Ok you can enter to choose but remember that you cannot force a contract or taunt them even though they are small they can still beasts" 

After saying this Ming Fan and his group walked into the area and with the attendants walking around to help or prevent any problems. 

Ming Fan looked around and most of these beasts where about half a meter. 

This is because this is just a temporary shell the actual shell is much bigger. 

Well, this is for several reason some been energy use that is this form uses less energy and also, they can cause less destruction in this form. 

Last night after a lot of thinking and searching the net Ming Fan landed on bird type beasts. 

This is because the ability to fly is very advantages in the early stage. 

Ming Fan kind of regretted not having the "all seeing eyes" he read in web novels. 

If he had them this would be a piece of cake but alas you really can't have everything. 

But at least with his talent [Mechanical Heart] he could roughly see somethings. 

Like the utilization of energy by the beasts and adaptation to the body and more. 

SSS level talents are really not a joke after all why would they be so rare. 

After a while of looking, he narrowed down to a bird that was on a tree with its eyes closed. 

It was not moving but he could see that its energy utilization was the best and even if it was stationary, it was perfect in balancing. 

Walking under the tree Ming Fan raised his head and spoke. 

"Do you want to form a contract with me I will make you very powerful" 

The bird opened his eyes and looked at him for a moment. 

Then it was about to close his eyes and continue to rest. 

Seeing this Ming Fan released a bit of his beast taming space energy. 

The Mechanical beast bird that was about to close his eyes opened then and looked at him again then flew onto his shoulder. 

He had two talents both SSS which could be considered a tonic to beasts. 

After all the better the talent the faster the improvement. 

Seeing this Ming Fan was exited and placed his hand on its back controlled his beast taming space to surround it. 

The Mechanical beast did not refuse and was covered then it disappeared. 

Ming fan hurriedly looked into in beast taming space and found the mechanical beast flying around inside. 

Then he willed the information of the beast and it appeared in front of him. 

[Name:]??? 

[Race:] Mechanical Bird 

[Attribute:] Mechanical 

[Potential:] Silver 

[Level:] Black Iron 1 

[Skills:] Flying, Grabbing, Pecking 

The information was presented in a way he could easily understand. 

The levels of creatures were divided into Black Iron, Bronze, Silver, Gold, Platinum, Amethyst, Diamond, King, Star, Myth.

The levels are relatively known even by civilians after all beast tamers have been in this world for a long time but the power of each level is not. 

The former host's father was silver while the mother was bronze. 

Ming Fan was satisfied with the information he got.  

You have to know the skill of the Mechanical system is related to its shell unlike other beasts. 

This makes them very versatile but to those who can afford it. 

As for the Potential it is relatively easy to improve as compared to other beasts. 

Note it is relative. 

While other beasts except some special ones require to evolve to improve the mechanical beasts need to improve casing. 

That is the metal contains the mechanical spirit allowing it to manipulate more energy and more efficiently. 

  

  

 

 
