Shenyuan sect, Handyman peak.

In a hut a man was lying on a bed with a pale face, the roots of his hair already turning white.

One would not belevie that he was a young man in his early 20's.

Opening his eyes he looked around confused he did not know where he was.

'I was just reading a webnovel in the hostel, what happened?'

Suddenly memories rushed into his head and he had to clench his teeth to accept them.

Luckly it did't last long just a several breaths.

After digesting them he finally knew what was going on.

This bodies name was Chen Xiang same as his previous life.

He was a handyman disciple of the Shenyuan sect a demon specializing in controlling ghosts.

Yes this was a cultivation world with the realms of body temparing, qi refining, foundatin establishemnt, golden core, Nascent soul ...

The previous Chen Xiang died and this allowed him to crossover.

The reason why he did is also quit peculliar.

The Shenyuan sect is a ghost controlling sect so it was established in a place with alot of yin qi.

Occasionally the yin qi blows in form of a yin wind which is extremly harmful.

And as you might have guessed he was caught up in one.

Sitting up Chen Xiang originially thought that he might not be able to.

From what he knew the yin wind kills quite a few disciples every year and even if you survive you will be extreammly weak.

This is due to loss of qi and blood essence.

This was quite puzzling to Chen Xiang.

When he was thinking as if to answer his question the answer appered in his mind.

It was because he now became virtualy immmortal.

When he was crossing the void during transmigration his soul encountered a space time storm.

Chen Xiang did not know this but a space time storm is a very distructive thing that even true immortals fear.

Luckly his soul managed to get through it in turn it became immortal.

That is he will not die of lifespan but will can be killed with say a sword.

He can also make his body look younger if he wanted.

Right now he had not really dispalled all the yin qi in his body some of it remained in his skin muscle and bones.

This was to prevent problems as he was hit by a yin wind, his lifespan taken yet he looked younger.

This is the demon sect if they think he has a treasure he will be sliced up for research.

After understanding this he thought of what to do next.

He is currently in the third level of body tempering and to be promoted to the outer sect he needs to reach the first level of qi refining.

Normally this would take a long time but who told Chen Xiang to be in the demon sect.

The technique given by the sect is called the yin vein technique.

This is a relatively top notch teqinue.

Of course the speed of practice is really fast as it involves drawing yin qi to temper the body but the side effects are also servier.

Yin qi is harmful so drawing it will affect the body.

Hurting it and reducing lifespan.

So when most people practice they take time and absorb slowing.

Now that Chen Xiang has transmigrated with the cheat of endless lifespan he did not have to worry about this.

So he stood up and started to do moves to absorb the yin qi around him.

Only after he enters the qi refing realm will he be able to sit crosslegged and absorb the qi but now its like martial arts.

Chen Xiang started to practice and did not close his pores but actively oppened them to actively pull the yin qi in.

The body tempering realm serves mainly two purposes.

One to strengthen the body to with stand qi when entering the qi refining realm.

It not a must to do this one can just absorb qi to enter the realm but cultivators rob the heavens so the qi absorb can backlash them.

A strong body is required or at best they will be disabled at worst die.

Two in the early stage of cultivating immortality if one looses runs out of qi he can be killed by a strong mortal.

So if you practiced the body tempering realm you can still support your self even if you run out.

Orthodox body tempering realm forcuses on qi and blood but the Shenyuan sect absorbs yin qi to temper the body.

It is faster but the problems are more.

Thank fully because he is just storing the yin qi in his skin, muscles, blood and bone not his meridians the containment of qi is easier.

After all meridians are too delicate and one has to be carefull.

When most people in the Shenyuan sect absorb yin qi in the body tempering realm they do it slowly and try to space it out over time.

Unlike what Chen Xiang is doing right now.

Felling the yin qi entering his body Chen Xiamg felt as if he was in an ice celler.

His skin continued to become more pale and his hair more white.

His lips purple and his blood vessels could be seen on the skin as blue.

Chen Xiang could feel his realm contiue to rise but he felt it was too slow.

If other people heard this they would definately come up to bite him to death.

I just about an hour he crossed to the fourth realm of body tempering.

But you have to know that the futher you go the slower the speeed of cultivation will become.

In the sect handyman disciples are only allowed 1 day free per year.

It was now past noon so that means that he will have to do chores tommorow or he will be punished.

As a bornifiied time traveller how could he do chores.

Chen Xiang was really unwilling to do this so that means he has to cross to the first level of qi refning by the end of today.

With the demon technique
